README.md, before:

# Scorpions Nest
Scorpion's Nest 

Huge Mentions and many thanks to @Xeryx for the invitation to convert one of my favourite Flashpoints to his XAI Battletech 3025. Without his constant foot on the pedal and fastidious eye for detail, would not have turned out as well as it has or as timely.

Many thanks to @CWolf for his amazing tools that add so much life to the game.

My thanks and gratitude to my amazing and wonderful Wife who gives me the freedom to commit as much time as was needed to complete this Flashpoint conversion.  

This is a Mod for the Battletech game by HBS and required the following DLC's and version


1. Battletech Game 1.9.1
2. Flashpoint
3. Urban Warfare
4. Heavy Metal

# Installation Directions

There are 4 folders and the installation is designed to only Add to the contents of the /Mods folder. The main listed Mod is not included in this Flashpoint.  The Flashpoint is dependent upon the following Mods
1. XAI
2. XAI Battle Pack 3025
3. ExtentededConversations 0.44
4. MissionControl 1.5.1

Optionally Dependant on 
1. ColourfulFlashpoints

## Installation scenarios
There is a different installation file depending on the version of ModTek you are using. Please make sure you use the correct installation pack, otherwise the Flashpoint will not load.

### ModTek versions up to 0.8.0
The installation archive will be named XAI-FP-Scorpion-80 and will contain the following folders

  1.ColourfulFlashpoints    
  2.MissionControl    
  3.XAI FP Scorpion 80 - this is the Flashpoint folder
  
Install by unzipping directly into    
[your installation game drive]/Steam/Steamapps/Common/Battletech/Mods directory. The folders in the archive file contain only files to support the Flashpoint. 

### ModTek versions 3.0.3 and up
The current installation has been successfully tested on 3.0.3 and 3.0.5.

The installation archive will be named XAI-ScorpionsNest-ReleaseEdition and will contain the following folders

1.ColourfulFlashpoints     
2.MissionControl    
3.XAI Flashpoints

Install by unzipping directly into    
[your game installation drive]/Steam/Steamapps/Common/Battletech/Mods directory.     
The folders in the archive file contain only files to support the Flashpoint.

## Upgrading Flashpoint when upgrading from 0.8.0(or 0.7.x) to Modtek 3.0.x and higher
 
When upgrading to a higher version of Modtek i.e 3.0.x and higher it will be necessary to remove the "XAI FP Scorpion 80" directory and follow the installation of the Flashpoint using the XAI-ScorpionsNest-ReleaseEdition. 

Follow the steps below.

1.    Follow the instructions to install the higher version of Modtek.
2.    Start the game to ensure ModTek has loaded correctly.
3.    Exit the Game.
4.    Delete the .modtek directory. (the one with the dot in front of the name).
5.    Delete the XAI-FP-Scorpion-80 directory.
6.    Follow the instructions to install the XAI-ScorpionsNest-ReleaseEdition.
7.    Check the mods folder and ensure that a folder named XAI Flashpoints.
8.    Start the game.
9.    Click the mods button and review the list and check that the Flashpoint_ScorpionNest is enabled.

As the internal name has not changed your save games are preserved.

Commit message:

Patch release for FP and Colourful Flashpoints

README.md, after:

# Scorpions Nest
Scorpion's Nest 

### Version SN-1.2.7-XAI-Patch

This is a slight adjustment of the display of the Flashpoint. The 1.2.6 release of Scorpion's Nest had the Flashpoint exist as active for eternity until played. This prevents other Flashpoints from spawning until Scorpion's Nest has actually been played. This patch has two adjustments. 

Thanks to Xeryx for providing the framework in which to showcase this version of BattleTech and for his guidance in making sure we stay true to the XAI vision. And as always, a huge callout to CWolf through who's guidance pointed the way to correct this condition.

1.   ColourfulFlashpoints Mod setting that prevents the Flashpoint Expiry function from working properly. The Flashpoint lower Banner will now show banner text of

    "FLASHPOINT : EXPIRES IN (XX) Days"
after which if the player has not started the Flashpoint by then, the Flashpoint will terminiate and become unavailble.

2.  The correction of the Flashpoint expiry being set to 180 days - cos we want you to play the Flashpoint.

# Installation of Patch 

1.  For Players using ModTech 2.0.0 or greater

Extract the two folders in the archive into /Mods directory and the contained folder structure will place the files in the correct location

2.  For players using ModTech up to 0.8.0

Extract the folders in the Archive into the same folders in /Mods Directory and the content will be placed into the correct folders.

This will NOT break your Saved games. 

-----  END of SN-1.2.7-XAI-Patch Patch Notes

Huge Mentions and many thanks to @Xeryx for the invitation to convert one of my favourite Flashpoints to his XAI Battletech 3025. Without his constant foot on the pedal and fastidious eye for detail, would not have turned out as well as it has or as timely.

Many thanks to @CWolf for his amazing tools that add so much life to the game.

My thanks and gratitude to my amazing and wonderful Wife who gives me the freedom to commit as much time as was needed to complete this Flashpoint conversion.  

This is a Mod for the Battletech game by HBS and required the following DLC's and version


1. Battletech Game 1.9.1
2. Flashpoint
3. Urban Warfare
4. Heavy Metal

# Installation Directions

There are 4 folders and the installation is designed to only Add to the contents of the /Mods folder. The main listed Mod is not included in this Flashpoint.  The Flashpoint is dependent upon the following Mods
1. XAI
2. XAI Battle Pack 3025
3. ExtentededConversations 0.44
4. MissionControl 1.5.1

Optionally Dependant on 
1. ColourfulFlashpoints

## Installation scenarios
There is a different installation file depending on the version of ModTek you are using. Please make sure you use the correct installation pack, otherwise the Flashpoint will not load.

### ModTek versions up to 0.8.0
The installation archive will be named XAI-FP-Scorpion-80 and will contain the following folders

  1.ColourfulFlashpoints    
  2.MissionControl    
  3.XAI FP Scorpion 80 - this is the Flashpoint folder
  
Install by unzipping directly into    
[your installation game drive]/Steam/Steamapps/Common/Battletech/Mods directory. The folders in the archive file contain only files to support the Flashpoint. 

### ModTek versions 3.0.3 and up
The current installation has been successfully tested on 3.0.3 and 3.0.5.

The installation archive will be named XAI-ScorpionsNest-ReleaseEdition and will contain the following folders

1.ColourfulFlashpoints     
2.MissionControl    
3.XAI Flashpoints

Install by unzipping directly into    
[your game installation drive]/Steam/Steamapps/Common/Battletech/Mods directory.     
The folders in the archive file contain only files to support the Flashpoint.

## Upgrading Flashpoint when upgrading from 0.8.0(or 0.7.x) to Modtek 3.0.x and higher
 
When upgrading to a higher version of Modtek i.e 3.0.x and higher it will be necessary to remove the "XAI FP Scorpion 80" directory and follow the installation of the Flashpoint using the XAI-ScorpionsNest-ReleaseEdition. 

Follow the steps below.

1.    Follow the instructions to install the higher version of Modtek.
2.    Start the game to ensure ModTek has loaded correctly.
3.    Exit the Game.
4.    Delete the .modtek directory. (the one with the dot in front of the name).
5.    Delete the XAI-FP-Scorpion-80 directory.
6.    Follow the instructions to install the XAI-ScorpionsNest-ReleaseEdition.
7.    Check the mods folder and ensure that a folder named XAI Flashpoints.
8.    Start the game.
9.    Click the mods button and review the list and check that the Flashpoint_ScorpionNest is enabled.

As the internal name has not changed your save games are preserved.
